ANGELA: Do you like spaghetti?
-NATHAN FIELDER: I do.
-ANGELA: Great.
When you were young,
did you ever hate
one of your parents?
-(CLATTERING)
-NATHAN: I don't think so.
-No? I did. I hated my dad.
-NATHAN: Oh, really?
I was very angry at him
because he wasn't there.
I put my parents through hell.
I drank like a fish.
-What did you drink?
-Vodka, tequila. I did drugs.
Marijuana...
-acid.
-You did acid?
-Yep.
-NATHAN: What?
-Cocaine.
-You did cocaine?
(SMACKS LIPS) Yep.
(CLICKS TONGUE) And that sent me
into a lot
of destructive behaviors.
NATHAN: Mm-hmm.
What are you doing
with the noodles there?
-I'm seeing how done they are.
-NATHAN: Oh, okay.
ANGELA: Yeah.
♪ ("THE REHEARSAL"
THEME MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: It's beautiful
in rural Oregon.
And the town of Eagle Creek,
my home base for this project,
definitely has a lot to offer.
But if what you need
is a consistent supply
of professional actors
for all the rehearsals
you have in the works...
-ANGELA: Bye.
-Bye. See you later.
NATHAN: ...you need to take
regular trips to a big city.
You need to go
where the actors are.
♪ (MILD TEMPO MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: During this process,
I've discovered that
an actor's sense of authenticity
can vary vastly
from one to another.
And I wanted a way to create
a standard for the level
of realism
I needed for this project.
I had recently launched
The Fielder Method Studio
in LA's NoHo Arts District
as a recruitment camp of sorts,
to find and train
up-and-coming actors
in the specific techniques
needed for this show.
Unlike a normal role
where the worst thing
that can happen is, you know,
someone changes the channel
if they don't like
your performance,
you know what I mean.
Like, with this show,
if your performance
isn't accurate,
you could ruin someone's life.
♪ (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: Preparing an actor
for a rehearsal
is sort of like a spy mission.
And I wanted them to learn
how to do it themselves,
as well as improve on mistakes
we had made in the past.
So, is your method based upon,
like, literally a slice of life
with this person
and then creating reenactments
-based off this one experience?
-My point is
-that this didn't go far enough.
-Okay.
Sounds like we're gonna
secretly follow somebody around
-for a while.
-(CHUCKLES) Stalking?
-Stalking?
-Yeah. Yes.
-(ALL CHUCKLE)
-You guys--
Okay, you guys are getting
ahead of this. Good.
NATHAN: But I often find myself
intimidated by actors.
Stella Adler says you can be
representational,
which is action based.
Or you could be
representational,
which is behavior based.
S-- S--
-Stella Adler.
-And then, yeah.
-What is her thing?
NATHAN: They have a way
of channeling
other people's emotions
that I don't fully understand.
The most playful chakra
is your third eye, right?
It's your creative mind
as an actor.
That's where you wanna live.
Just in hearing you talk
about this, um,
it's like the Suzuki Method
which is physical
-and it's about--
-Suzuki?
Yeah, and it's about filling
the form.
Okay. And what's the best way
to fill in the form?
Just do the action.
-Do the action.
-ACTOR: Yeah.
Like in the deep reality
of the action.
-Sure.
-THOMAS: Yeah.
NATHAN: And by the time
I gave them
their first assignment,
I was feeling a little insecure.
Okay. So now, we're gonna put
some of what you guys learned
today, into action.
You're gonna go out
into the real world
and pick a real person
to become your primary.
And you're gonna secretly
observe and interact with them,
and find out as much
as you can about them.
And then, you're gonna come
back tomorrow
dressed like them. Okay?
Any other questions or...
-Okay, cool. See you later.
-ACTOR 2: Bye.
NATHAN: After spending time
with people,
I'm often left wondering
what they actually think of me.
So, once the class was gone,
I tried a little experiment.
I decided to recreate the class
using different actors
to portray each person,
so I could relive the day
from a student's perspective.
My hope was to gain insight
into how each lesson
made them feel,
so I could improve it
for tomorrow.
With this show...
if your performance
isn't accurate...
you could ruin a person's life.
NATHAN: I picked
a random student to inhabit.
An actor named Thomas,
who was sitting on the side
of the room.
Putting myself in his headspace,
I noticed this teacher
wasn't very good
at connecting with us.
Your character research
needs to be sourced
through real-world interactions
with the person
you're portraying.
NATHAN: It didn't seem
like he had ever taught
an acting class before.
Is it weird... to put my name,
like, in a method?
-Or...
-ALL: No.
ACTOR: Everyone does that, yeah.
NATHAN: I wondered
if my fellow students
felt the same way.
But I couldn't really see
their faces well
because of how the chairs
were arranged.
We were all facing forwards.
And this formal environment
made the whole class
a little less fun.
So, your assignment
for the rest of the day is,
you're gonna go out
into the real world
and secretly observe
your primary.
NATHAN: But it felt like
the method itself made sense.
Nathan explained it all clearly
and it was actually sort
of intriguing.
Maybe there was something to it.
I guess I'd have to keep taking
the class to find out.
(DOOR CLICKS OPEN)
-THOMAS: Hey.
-NATHAN: Hey.
-We're circling. That's cool.
(CHUCKLES)
-Yeah, circle today.
Hang out. Have a seat.
How's it going?
It's good to see you. Hello.
♪ (MILD TEMPO MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Um, I asked her how her day
was going,
how long was her shift.
She's working till midnight.
She's really tired.
I found her Instagram
through geotags.
-Wow.
-Then I found her Twitter
-and I found her TikTok.
-NATHAN: Good. Good.
-She's having...
-(ALL LAUGH)
...she's having
a breast reduction soon.
Her name is Amanda.
NATHAN: I felt way more in sync
with the actors today.
The vibe in the room felt
so much better.
Yeah. So, my primary's name
is Henry. He is a barber.
-You had to get
your hair cut then?
-Yeah.
-You got a haircut?
-I got my hair cut and I--
-Yeah, it was nice. Yeah.
-(ALL CHEER)
-ACTOR: So, it was good
and like...
-Okay, cool. Good.
NATHAN: But I noticed
some students were struggling
with the assignment.
-NATHAN: Thomas, what about you?
-(SMACKS LIPS) Uh...
-Well, I went to an Acai Place.
-Acai?
It's kinda like a smoothie bowl.
NATHAN: Okay.
NATHAN: And I thought
this would be a good opportunity
to show them I knew
what I was doing.
I noticed you didn't get
as-- as much, um...
personal information
about your primary
-as some of the others.
-THOMAS: Mm-hmm.
Um, is there a reason or...
The environment kind of begs
for you to go through the line
-and then leave.
-NATHAN: Right.
Uh, the physical space is asking
you not to be there. (CHUCKLES)
Yeah. You know, you--
When you got your order,
maybe spill it on the counter
and he would come to your aid,
and that would break down some
of those social barriers
that you're afraid to cross.
-Just disrupt the situation?
-Yeah.
And then maybe, you know,
it might lead
to a more personal
conversation perhaps.
Okay. Gotcha.
NATHAN: When I relived the day
from Thomas's perspective,
it proved my instincts
-to be right.
-(ALL APPLAUD)
Thomas, what about you?
So, my primary
was at an acai bowl place.
Acai bowl?
Yeah. Acai bowl,
kind of like a smoothie.
NATHAN: The circle felt
just as good
from a student's perspective
as it was from the teacher's.
And I felt really special
when Nathan pulled me aside
to give me one-on-one guidance
after class.
And that'll help break down
some of the social barriers
that you're afraid to cross.
-Thank you.
-All right? Good luck.
Good luck.
-Thank you.
-Okay. Great.
NATHAN: After reliving day two,
I basically found no issues.
I felt Nathan gave every student
a lot of attention
and made us feel comfortable
in the process.
Maybe I had nothing to worry
about after all.
♪ (MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: It was nice
to be back in LA...
back in my real home.
Once in a while, I would try
to check in with Angela.
(PHONE TRILLING)
ALL: One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three.
One, two. One, two. One, two.
One, two. One. One. One. One
(CHEERS, CHUCKLES)
-Wow! All right.
-ACTOR: Oh, my God.
NATHAN: Now that the actors
had studied their primaries
for two days...
it was time to physically
embody them.
♪ (WHIMSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Um, you use tape
and string, is that...
-I don't know.
-You don't know? Okay.
-I don't know what's--
-Um... What's that tool here?
But over here,
I got a couple things going.
Um... This is a...
tie iron.
-Tie iron?
-Tie iron, yeah.
-T-I-E?
-I believe so.
Bananas under the cans.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
NATHAN: But I now knew
that to take on the mind
of a stranger, it wasn't enough
to just talk to them.
The level of immersion
had to be deeper.
I am in the process of arranging
for all of you
to work in the actual jobs
of your primary.
Or at least as-- as close
as we can get.
-Is that cool, pretty...
-ACTORS: Yeah.
...or is that dumb?
-I don't wanna work.
-(ALL LAUGH)
NATHAN: I was noticing
the more extreme
my method became,
the more these actors seemed
to respect me.
If I'm not gonna go all the way
and get out of my comfort zone,
how am I gonna know
where I can go?
So, yeah, thank you for just
the space, you know.
NATHAN: But when I caught up
with Thomas, something felt off.
Yeah, so-- so how did it go?
Yeah, what happened?
-THOMAS: It was--
-Did you get personal? Did you?
Yeah. The deeper conversation
was hard to accomplish.
Did you spill your bowl
or anything? Or...
-Did not spill the bowl.
-NATHAN: Okay, yeah.
But I instead went with, uh...
telling him that I lost
my lucky guitar pick
that I got from my dad.
-Okay.
-And then--
-Is that true?
-No, that was a lie.
-Oh, okay, okay, got it.
-Yeah.
I mean, I don't really
like lying to people,
-in general.
-Yeah, neither do I.
-THOMAS: Yeah.
-Yeah.
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(CHUCKLES)
Yeah, I don't know. It's, uh,
it's weird, but...
this is all so fascinating,
so what are you gonna do?
Right.
NATHAN:
Thomas's ambiguous emotions
were hard for me to read,
but then I got the sense
he had been uncomfortable
with this method
since the very first day.
So, yeah.
That's what makes me feel
-kinda weird about it sometimes.
-About doing these-- this...
...specific kind
of stalking thing. (CHUCKLES)
The Fielder Method.
NATHAN: Which was interesting
because I had not felt that
when I was him.
So rather than recreating
today's lesson,
I decided to experience
that first day again
to see
if I had missed something.
-Hey, I'm Nathan.
-Thomas.
-Thomas? Good to meet you.
-Yeah. Good to meet you.
-Uh, yeah, have a seat.
-Sure, yeah.
-And, uh, just hang out.
-Okay, great.
NATHAN: This time, I was focused
on really getting
into his mindset.
So I just kept saying to myself
in my head,
"Your name is Thomas
and you're an actor."
"How do you feel?"
I have a show that requires
a specific type
-of performance.
-NATHAN: Almost immediately,
I felt a rush of excitement come
over me when I remembered
there were cameras filming me.
HBO cameras.
I love being on camera.
But I wanted to play it cool,
like I didn't care that much.
With this show, if your per--
if your performance
isn't accurate...
you could ruin someone's life.
NATHAN: Wait, what is this show?
Is this a show
about an acting class?
Am I supposed to be acting?
Something doesn't make sense.
If you're training actors
for a show,
why would you be filming
the training?
I wanted to ask,
but I was worried
it would seem rude.
I didn't wanna stand out.
I wanted to impress Nathan.
"Fielder Method" on three.
-One, two, three.
-ALL: Fielder Method!
ACTING NATHAN: All right,
thank you guys. All right.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hi, thank you for coming
to the first day
of the Fielder Method, we're...
so excited to have you.
If you wanna participate
in the show,
you just need to sign
this appearance release.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
NATHAN: Oh, wow.
There are so many pages!
I don't know any
of these legal terms.
This would take me hours
to read.
Thank you so much.
NATHAN: But everyone else
is signing it,
so it must be all right.
Uh, it's all standard.
Signature is on the fourth page.
-NATHAN: Right. Sorry, yeah.
Okay.
-ASSISTANT: Yeah, no problem
-Great, we'll see you tomorrow.
-Yeah.
NATHAN: Reliving the day again
as Thomas made me realize
there was a whole other layer
to his experience
-I hadn't considered.
-ASSISTANT: Thank you so much.
-Thanks again for today.
-Yeah. Thank you.
I'll see you. Yeah.
NATHAN: And I wondered
if was going far enough.
♪ (MILD TEMPO MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: I had just sent
these actors off
to work for an entire week
as someone else.
But how much is enough?
How do you ever know
you truly understand someone?
So, I started visiting Thomas
working at the acai bowl place.
-NATHAN: Hey!
-THOMAS: Hey! How you doing?
Good. How are you?
NATHAN: Going through
the exact experience
he had with his primary.
-How many siblings do you have?
-THOMAS: Pardon me?
-How many siblings?
-THOMAS: Brother, two sisters.
-Brother, two sisters?
-THOMAS: Yeah.
Do you want Nutella,
peanut butter, almond butter?
NATHAN: And returned to class
the next morning
to live the second day again.
I'm a dog walker
for this dog walking app
and my primary was this director
and I-- I actually got
into his house.
NATHAN: But this time,
it felt different.
I think you're the first person
in the history of this project
to actually get inside
their primary's home. Um...
It's amazing. Wow!
(CHUCKLES)
I think that deserves a round
of applause. Yeah.
(ALL APPLAUD)
NATHAN: And I began to question
the tactics
this teacher was encouraging.
You spill your bowl
on the counter and...
see how he responds to that.
NATHAN: But every night
when I went home,
it was still my house.
My marble coffee table. My TV.
My black and white toilet.
The illusion was shattered.
So, I suggested to Thomas
that he move into an apartment
that reflects
the living situation
of his primary,
to immerse himself fully.
Did you-- did you find out
his living situation?
Yeah. I found out that he lives
with the couple
of his bandmates,
actually pretty close to here.
Uh, Sherman Oaks area.
-Okay.
-THOMAS: Mm-hmm.
Cool. Uh, how soon can you move?
(CHUCKLES) As soon as I have to.
NATHAN: So, I rented him
a similar place
and hired two actors
to play his roommates.
All right. So, this is, uh...
-Tex and Matt.
-TEX: S'up man?
-They'll be your new roommates.
-Hey.
NATHAN: I told him
I would collect his mail for him
and water his plants
while he was away.
-(KEYS JANGLE)
-Plant in my bathroom.
-Just a little bit.
-Okay.
And be careful
'cause it'll overflow
-the little water catch dish.
-All right, sure. Great.
-All right. Have fun.
-Okay. See you.
NATHAN: See you.
NATHAN: But I really wanted
to do more than that.
So, while Thomas
was going deeper
into his character...
I would go deeper into mine.
♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
♪ (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: I began living
in his home...
eating what he eats...
playing what he plays...
using the weapons he uses...
reading what he reads...
sleeping where he sleeps.
I was now Thomas 24/7.
I continued following
the lesson plan
until I was working
at an Ubatuba also.
A different one from Thomas,
so he wouldn't know.
He-- he lives with a-- a couple
of his bandmates
in Sherman Oaks...
-ACTING NATHAN: All right.
-...in, like, an apartment.
Okay. Cool.
How soon can you move?
NATHAN: It was beginning
to dawn on me
how much I was asking
of these students...
This is Tex. And this is Matt.
-Hey.
-They'll be playing
your roommates.
-Nice to meet you.
-How are you?
NATHAN: ...and the sacrifices
they're willing to make
in pursuit of their dreams.
Maybe I could get your keys.
Uh...
Why-- Why do you need my keys?
-I can look after your plants.
-Oh, sure. Yeah.
ACTING NATHAN: Or get your mail
while you're here.
NATHAN: But no matter
how deep I went,
there were still parts of Thomas
that were a mystery to me.
But maybe that's as close
as you can get.
And that last step
in understanding someone
is always just a guess.
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
-All right, Ashley.
-(ALL APPLAUD)
NATHAN: When they finished
their week of work,
I had all the actors return
for a final showcase.
♪ (MILD TEMPO MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
That looks like two inches.
(ALL APPLAUD)
-(ALL APPLAUD)
-All right. Sam.
(ALL APPLAUD)
NATHAN: It's hard to know
what exactly is hidden
beneath the smile of an actor.
-Would you like your bowl, sir?
-Thomas.
(ALL APPLAUD)
NATHAN: But once in a while,
it's nice to just pretend
-that everything's okay.
-(ALL CHEER)
-"Fielder Method" on three.
-ALL: One, two, three.
-Fielder Method!
-(ALL CHEER, APPLAUD)
NATHAN: I was in LA longer
than I had planned to be,
and I was sort of nervous
to return home again...
to get back into family life.
I wasn't sure how it would feel.
-Hey, Dad.
-NATHAN: Oh, hey!
-Hi.
-Uh, is, uh, Angela here?
Uh...
-Hug? Can I get a hug?
-Oh, yeah, yeah. Course. Hey.
-Good to see you.
-Yeah, how are you?
Good... um...
Just gonna
put my stuff upstairs.
-Oh, okay.
-So, yeah.
♪ (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Oh... yeah.
ADAM: Maybe I can.
Maybe I can show up.
-ANGELA: It could be fun!
It could be fun!
-(ADAM MUMBLES)
NATHAN: Everyone was being
so warm and welcoming,
making me feel at home.
But for some reason,
that felt wrong.
ANGELA: I was telling him
that he's more mainstream
and I'm more underground.
Like, I like to find
eclectic underground artists.
NATHAN: Adam was 15 now.
I had been gone for nine years.
Was this really
how he would see me?
Maybe I needed to make
some adjustments.
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
-Hey.
-ADAM: Hey.
(GUITAR STRUMMING)
-ADAM: What's up, Dad?
-Mind if I come in?
Yeah, no problem. What's up?
-How's it going?
-Ah, just, uh--
(PLAYS GUITAR)
Trying to write
some songs, sorta.
-NATHAN: Oh, yeah. Cool.
-Yeah.
Do you mind if I talk to you
for a sec, as you?
What's your name again?
Adam.
No, no, like, could I talk
to you as-- as the actor?
-Oh.
-What's your real name?
-Oh, Joshua. Joshua, yeah.
Joshua.
-Josh. Josh. All right, Josh.
Sorry, yeah.
I know we talked
about never breaking character
but--
Yeah.
Oh, okay, okay. So, just--
-Okay, so, we're in, uh--
NATHAN: Yeah, just you
for a moment.
I guess-- Okay, so your dad
comes home after being gone
for nine years. How do you think
you'd really feel?
Maybe resentment to him.
-Maybe a little bit.
-Uh-huh.
Just as me personally.
Especially if...
he comes home
and it's almost like,
"Hey, what's up?
You doing good?"
-NATHAN: Mm-hmm.
-That-- That would be--
I wouldn't like that at all.
I think I-- I think 'cause then,
it's still your dad,
but it's just like--
It's like this guy like,
"You didn't take care of me."
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-So, you know,
it's-- it's like,
it's like that sort of thing.
Do you mind if we try me
coming home again,
but using that?
-Uh... like that-- that feeling?
-Yeah.
-Yeah, totally, I don't-- Yeah.
Hundred percent.
-Okay. Okay, cool.
NATHAN: Hey!
Look who decided to show up.
(DOOR BANGS SHUT)
Good.
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: Do you know anyone
or any friends of yours
who have been through anything
similar to this?
Like, dad not around situation
or...
Um... Yeah, I-- I know
a couple people.
Do you think you'd be able
to just...
Maybe spend time with one
of them
or the friend and take it in,
or...
Hmm, yeah. I, um...
I think that's actually
a great idea.
I think I can definitely
do that.
NATHAN: Hey.
How you doing?
You wanna see a card trick
or something,
-like a magic trick?
-No, Dad. I'm not five.
Yeah, he's been like
in and out of jail a lot.
-Juvenile. Juvie.
-Juvenile?
Um, I think he actually
has a kid on the way.
-He has a kid?
-Just with like someone-- yeah.
-Just with someone.
-So what age was he having sex?
-Like 13, probably, like 12.
-He was having sex at 13?
I'm-- I'm sure of it.
Yeah, most likely.
-If not 13, at least 14.
-NATHAN: Hey!
Are you leaving?
ADAM: Yeah, I'm going
to hang out with some friends.
Okay. Where are you going?
Where-- where-- what friends?
ADAM: My friends. We're probably
gonna go drinking.
You're gonna go drinking?
What type of drinks
will you have, do you think?
Tequila, vodka.
Just some stuff like that.
-Tequila, okay.
-JOSHUA: Tequila.
You can't go drinking.
You're-- You're only 15.
What do you mean
I can't go drinking? W... wh--
NATHAN: I need to make sure
you come home safe.
ADAM: Wow, you're the one
to talk about coming home?
NATHAN: Okay, come on. Hey!
You can't...
You can't just go...
Adam?
What's going on?
NATHAN: Oh. Uh...
I just think he's upset
that I haven't been there most
of his life.
ANGELA: Mm-hmm.
-NATHAN: Um...
-Okay.
But...
I'm gonna fix it.
Good.
♪ (SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(STRUMMING GUITAR)
Hey, buddy. Um...
you don't have to come out
or answer me.
Uh, I just got you...
uh, a little something.
It's a guitar pedal.
I know you like them.
I'm not sure what they do.
So... (CHUCKLES)
Uh, I guess they make
the guitar sound cool.
Maybe one day you could show me
how it works.
Um...
Like, I think drugs is, like,
the next level.
-Yeah.
-JOSHUA: Drugs, you name it.
He's done it probably.
(SCREAMS)
JOSHUA: You know, like, cocaine
or like,
you know, Molly and that stuff.
And that's all
'cause his dad situation?
-Um... I mean, yeah. I think so.
-NATHAN: Okay.
I think it is.
You're not a dad! Okay?
You weren't then
and you're not now!
ANGELA: Your anger is not gonna
go away...
-(ADAM SCOFFS)
-...if you numb it with drugs
and alcohol. Okay,
this was the problem I had.
I-- I hated my dad.
I hated my dad and I went
to drugs and alcohol.
I wish I would've been spared.
I wish my parents
would have sat me down
and talked to me
like we're talking to you now.
They didn't.
They didn't know how!
I'm not gonna let that happen
to you.
NATHAN: What-- what-- what drugs
are you doing?
ADAM: What do you mean
what drugs am I--
-Why would I fucking tell you?
-I-- I heard you s--
-What? Are you gonna go
to the fucking cops?
-NATHAN: So you are doing drugs?
What are you gonna do?
Go to the cops and tell them?
No! And that's why I'm talking
to you about it now.
-Adam--
-I'm not a snitch.
You're a fucking disaster,
my guy.
All right! Now...
can we end
this fucking conversation now?
♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(INHALES SHARPLY)
-NATHAN: Hello, Angela?
-ANGELA: Hello.
NATHAN: Just a thought,
how would you feel
about going back to age six?
Oh, I guess, um,
could you help me understand
what the purpose would be
of going back?
-Oh, just because...
-What were you thinking?
...I feel like I didn't get
the experience
-of seeing him grow. Like...
-ANGELA: Oh, um...
I'm willing to do that.
Whatever you think is needed
for the show, that's fine.
NATHAN: Okay, cool.
I'll-- I'll talk to you
in a bit.
ANGELA: Okay. See you.
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(BIRDS SQUAWKING)
(ADAM COUGHING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
NATHAN: Adam?
Adam?
-(CLATTERING)
-♪ (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
NATHAN: Adam, Adam, you okay?
-(ADAM RETCHING)
-NATHAN: Are you okay? Breathe.
Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. Breathe.
♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS) ♪
-Angela! Angela!
-ANGELA: What?
NATHAN: Adam, stay with me,
are you okay?
Are you okay, Adam?
-Adam. Adam--
-(COUGHS)
What's going on?
-(ADAM BREATHES HEAVILY)
-NATHAN: Okay, it's all right.
(ADAM RETCHES)
NATHAN: (SOBS) I don't know
what's happening.
I don't know what's happening
to him. I don't know.
I don't know what's happening.
I don't know what's happening
with him.
I don't know.
I don't know. (SOBS)
He's got pinpointed pupils,
hyperventilation.
High end-tidal.
Looks like an opioid overdose.
Okay, with hypertension
we need to consider
-benzo involvement.
-PARAMEDIC 1: Mm-hmm. I agree.
We'll start by assisting
his breathing.
-PARAMEDIC 2: Okay.
-PARAMEDIC 1: Hit him up
with some Narcan.
PARAMEDIC 2: Blood pressure 96
over 50. Respiration, six.
O2 stat, 86.
How are you feeling?
You good?
-You okay?
-(BREATHES HEAVILY)
What are you doing? Don't. No.
Stay, stay. You're safe, Adam.
-You're safe.
-PARAMEDIC 2: Hey, hey, hey!
-Wh-- what's happening?
-NATHAN: Hey!
Have you seen a 15-year-old boy
around here?
PASSERBY:
An older man? No, no.
That wouldn't be him.
Okay, thank you.
Adam?
Oh, sorry. Sorry.
-(BIRDS CHIRPING)
-NATHAN: It's easy to assume
that others think
the worst of you...
but when you assume
what others think,
maybe all you're doing
is turning them into a character
that only exists in your mind.
The nice thing is,
sometimes all it takes
is a change in perspective
to make the world
feel brand-new.
All right, Adam. Let's go home.
(ADAM GRUNTS)
Is that it?
♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪